# Log calendar week 46 / 2024

## Input

- Linux Asceticism  
https://www.rugu.dev/en/blog/linux-asceticism/
- The Libertarian Coder  
https://rethinkingsoftware.substack.com/p/the-libertarian-coder
- The Return on Investment of Agile Coaching  
https://medium.com/the-liberators/the-return-on-investment-of-agile-coaching-c8bcfb92c00c
- The Gut Feeling Agile Coach  
https://medium.com/the-liberators/the-gut-feeling-agile-coach-4b99b75d4f6c
- Disruption  
https://versus-online-magazine.com/en/column/madness-as-usual/disruption/

- What if My Tribe Is Wrong?  
https://lucumr.pocoo.org/2024/11/8/what-if-my-tribe-is-wrong/
- Working Alone  
https://ronjeffries.com/articles/-x024/biot/-bs70/j/
- fmt.Sprintf vs String Concat  
https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-11-08-sprintf-vs-concat/
- How a Digital Transformation Can Bankrupt Your Company  
https://mdalmijn.com/p/how-a-digital-transformation-can
- Why Traditional Retrospectives Are Redundant  
https://medium.com/@ss-tech/why-traditional-retrospectives-are-redundant-d8b6046011f3
- Cross-referencing code & specs for maintainability  
https://www.ueber.net/who/mjl/blog/p/cross-referencing-code-and-specs-for-maintainability/
- Goreleases: package for installing go toolchains  
https://www.ueber.net/who/mjl/blog/p/goreleases-package-for-installing-go-toolchains/


- How We Built a Self-Healing System to Survive a Terrifying Concurrency Bug At Netflix  
https://pushtoprod.substack.com/p/netflix-terrifying-concurrency-bug
- Regular Restarts Are Good, Actually  
https://matt.blwt.io/post/regular-restarts-are-good-actually/
- Everything I've learned so far about running local LLMs  
https://nullprogram.com/blog/2024/11/10/
- Functional programming in Go  
https://bitfieldconsulting.com/posts/functional

- Progressively enhancing CGI apps with htmx  
https://jmtd.net/log/htmx/
- Procrastination and the Fear of Not Being 'Good Enough'  
https://swapnilchauhan.com/blog/procrastination-and-the-fear-of-not-being-good-enough
- Algorithms we develop software by  
https://grantslatton.com/software-pathfinding#algorithms-we-develop-software-by
- How I ship projects at big tech companies  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/how-to-ship/

- What makes concurrency so hard?  
https://buttondown.com/hillelwayne/archive/what-makes-concurrency-so-hard/

- The EdTech Revolution Has Failed  
https://www.afterbabel.com/p/the-edtech-revolution-has-failed

- Graduate degrees are overrated  
https://lemire.me/blog/2024/11/12/graduate-degrees-are-overrated/
- The False Promise of Device-Based Education  
https://www.afterbabel.com/p/false-promise-of-device-based-ed
- The engineering career mobility report: Who gets promoted?  
https://www.signalfire.com/blog/engineering-career-trends-pt1
- Why I abandoned IDEs  
https://bastienvigneron.medium.com/why-ive-abandoned-ides-8967d12ecde7


## Blogs discovered
- https://versus-online-magazine.com/en/articles/
- https://www.ueber.net/who/mjl/blog/
- https://jitesh117.github.io/blog/

