# Log calendar week 01 / 2025

## Input

- How we can learn effectively using focused and diffuse thinking....  
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-we-can-learn-effectively-using-focused-diffuse-thinking-news/
- How to Handle Go Security Alerts  
https://jarosz.dev/code/how-to-handle-go-security-alerts/
- Practical Go Basics - Standard Library Interfaces  
https://tomjowitt.com/posts/go-standard-library-interfaces/
- Deferred Conflict Resolution in Jujutsu  
https://v5.chriskrycho.com/journal/deferred-conflict-resolution-in-jujutsu/
- Automatic release of a Go library  
https://soc.meschbach.com/posts/2024/05/04-automatic-release-of-a-go-library/
- Go Developer Survey 2024 H2 Results  
https://go.dev/blog/survey2024-h2-results
- When to Change the Rules of Scrum?  
https://medium.com/the-liberators/when-to-change-the-rules-of-scrum-dea974e55f09
- The Lean Foundations of Continuous Improvement  
https://theburndown.com/improvement-science/

- FAQ: OKR Not Working in My Company  
https://itamargilad.com/okr-faq/
- My Approach to Building Large Technical Projects  
https://mitchellh.com/writing/building-large-technical-projects
- Reflecting on Life  
https://lucumr.pocoo.org/2024/12/26/reflecting-on-life/
- How to effectively refine engineering strategy.  
https://lethain.com/refining-eng-strategy/
- Letting Language Models Write my Website  
https://nicholas.carlini.com/writing/2025/llms-write-my-bio.html


- Technoelitism and the IndieWeb movement  
https://lilymara.xyz/posts/2024/07/technoelitism/
- Technical Writing Standards  
https://engineering.usu.edu/students/ewc/writing-resources/technical-writing-standards
- How to Secure Webhooks?  
https://newsletter.scalablethread.com/p/how-to-secure-the-webhooks
- What Are the Hidden Costs of Over-Abstracting Your Codebase?  
https://itnext.io/what-are-the-hidden-costs-of-over-abstracting-your-codebase-8b6a8ab0ab2b
- Easy Auto-Reload with Server-Sent Events in Go.  
https://ffss.dev/articles/reloading-pages-sse
- Technical Debt is Entropy In Software  
https://grohan.co/2024/12/27/entropy/
- The web is too big, or scaling down  
https://scottrichmond.me/the-web-is-too-big/
- What Is a dependency?  
https://matklad.github.io/2024/12/30/what-is-dependency.html
- Why I don't do Domain Driven Design  
https://www.tonymarston.net/php-mysql/dont-do-domain-driven-design.html
- How I run LLMs locally  
https://abishekmuthian.com/how-i-run-llms-locally/

- Major Linux Problems on the Desktop, 2023 edition  
https://itvision.altervista.org/why.linux.is.not.ready.for.the.desktop.current.html
- Why Linux is not ready for the desktop, the final edition  
https://itvision.altervista.org/why.linux.is.not.ready.for.the.desktop.final.html
- Why it's hard to trust software, but you mostly have to anyway  
https://educatedguesswork.org/posts/ensuring-software-provenance/


- What's Missing From Golang Generics?  
https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-12-05-whats-missing-from-golang-generics/
- Templ vs Gomponents  
https://nuage.quimerch.com/-/ewen/articles/templ-vs-gomponents

- jj for developing Go  
https://pratt.im/notes/jj-go-gerrit.html

- Mistakes engineers make in large established codebases  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/large-established-codebases/
- Untitled  
https://seatsafetyswitch.com/post/771398243331571712/oh-shit-my-career-shouted-one-of-the-interns  
:arrow_right: The birth of a candidate to become a information technology security specialist.

- How I got promoted to staff engineer twice  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/staff-engineer-promotions/
- Software Design is Knowledge Building  
https://olano.dev/blog/software-design-is-knowledge-building/
- How and Why I Stopped Buying New Laptops  
https://solar.lowtechmagazine.com/2020/12/how-and-why-i-stopped-buying-new-laptops
- Most people don't care about quality  
https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2024/12/most-people-dont-care-about-quality/


- Rules for Writing Software Tutorials  
https://refactoringenglish.com/chapters/rules-for-software-tutorials/

- The Evolution of SRE at Google  
https://www.usenix.org/publications/loginonline/evolution-sre-google

- Go upgrade checklist  
https://hakann.substack.com/p/go-upgrade-checklist
- Be A Property Owner And Not A Renter On The Internet  
https://den.dev/blog/be-a-property-owner-not-a-renter-on-the-internet/
- Understanding the Language Server Protocol  
https://itnext.io/understanding-the-language-server-protocol-b9f57a0750e3

- CPU throttling for containerized Go applications explained  
https://kanishk.io/posts/cpu-throttling-in-containerized-go-apps/

- Software is mostly made of people  
https://hatwd.com/p/software-is-mostly-made-of-people


## Blogs discovered
- https://www.seangoedecke.com/
- https://olano.dev/blog/
- https://theburndown.com/archives/
## Quote of the week


> Sometimes, you think you want to disappear, but all you really want is to be found.
>
> -- https://medium.com/@notrremi
