# Log calendar week 10 / 2025


## Input

- The 3 Vs: Vision, Value, and Velocity for Powerful Productivity  
https://gettingresults.com/vision-value-velocity/
- Der andere Kanban Guide  
https://www.lean-agility.de/2025/02/der-andere-kanban-guide.html
- From Chaos to Clarity: How Impact Mapping Drives Real Results  
https://www.lostconsultants.com/2025/02/24/impact-mapping-drives-real-results/
- Beyond ‘Fail Fast’: A Smarter Approach to Innovation  
https://www.agilesocks.com/beyond-fail-fast-smarter-approach-innovation/
- Warum gute Führungskräfte manchmal Clowns sind  
https://www.inspectandadapt.de/warum-gute-fuehrungskraefte-manchmal-clowns-sind/
- 95: Tal Raviv - AI for PMs: Stop Overthinking, Start Tinkering  
https://www.leahtharin.com/p/95-tal-raviv-ai-for-pms-stop-overthinking
- Creating single-purpose RSS feeds with Hugo  
https://www.jvt.me/posts/2025/03/02/hugo-custom-feed/
- How fast can you open 1000 files?  
https://lemire.me/blog/2025/03/01/how-fast-can-you-open-1000-files/
- Are we self-segregating on social media?  
https://www.coryd.dev/posts/2025/are-we-self-segregating-on-social-media
- Make yourself less valuable to tech companies  
https://www.coryd.dev/posts/2025/make-yourself-less-valuable-to-tech-companies
- Predictability in middle management? Good luck!  
https://failfastmoveon.blogspot.com/2025/03/predictability-in-middle-management.html
- Writing terrible code  
https://bitfieldconsulting.com/posts/writing-terrible-code
- No Rules Are Implicit Rules  
https://brainbaking.com/post/2025/02/no-rules-are-implicit-rules/

- Technical English is nobody's mother tongue  
https://passo.uno/native-english-tech-writing/
- Beyond the Debugger: A Comprehensive Guide to Debugging Go Applications  
https://appliedgo.net/debug/
- How I use LLMs as a staff engineer  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/how-i-use-llms/
- Value over replacement in software engineering  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/value-over-replacement/
- Knowing where your engineer salary comes from  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/where-the-money-comes-from/
- My First Armageddon Bug  
https://mattjhall.co.uk/posts/my-first-armageddon-bug.html
- Practical Protobuf - From Basic to Best Practices  
https://victoriametrics.com/blog/go-protobuf-basic/

- Why I don't do Domain Driven Design  
https://www.tonymarston.net/php-mysql/dont-do-domain-driven-design.html
- Falsehoods programmers believe about languages  
https://www.lexiconista.com/falsehoods-about-languages/

- The cost of Go’s panic and recover  
https://jub0bs.com/posts/2025-02-28-cost-of-panic-recover/  
:arrow_right: Interesting read, but panic only when panic is appropriate.


- Story Points Revisited  
https://ronjeffries.com/articles/019-01ff/story-points/Index.html
- SPIDR – five simple techniques for a perfectly split user story  
https://blogs.itemis.com/en/spidr-five-simple-techniques-for-a-perfectly-split-user-story?hs_amp=true
- Fitting Scrum for Software Development — Part II  
https://medium.com/booking-com-development/fitting-scrum-for-software-development-part-ii-367045569c9a
- Quick Steps for a Scrum Team to Improve the Process  
https://medium.com/booking-com-development/quick-steps-for-a-scrum-team-to-improve-the-process-11c0c53b0adc

- Go 1.24 remote caching explained  
https://depot.dev/blog/go-remote-cache
- Should managers still code?  
https://theengineeringmanager.substack.com/p/should-managers-still-code

- Triangle of Separation  
https://thoughtbot.com/blog/triangle-of-separation

- Why "alias" is my last resort for aliases  
https://evanhahn.com/why-alias-is-my-last-resort-for-aliases/
- Git without a forge  
https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/quasiblog/git-no-forge/

- How to Write Useful Commit Messages  
https://refactoringenglish.com/chapters/commit-messages/

- It is hard to recommend Python in production  
https://ashishb.net/programming/python-in-production/


## Github repos discovered
- Awesome European Tech  
https://github.com/uscneps/Awesome-European-Tech

## Blogs discovered
- https://www.tonymarston.net/
- https://www.jerf.org/iri/
- https://macwright.com/writing

