# Log calendar week 14 / 2025


## Input

- The Ultimate Productivity Master Map (Built from 25 Years of Practice)  
https://gettingresults.com/productivity-master-map/
- Think Better. Feel Better. Do Better.  
https://gettingresults.com/think-better-feel-better-do-better/
- Why I Don’t Allow AI Notetakers in My Coaching Sessions  
https://www.petra-wille.com/blog/why-i-dont-allow-ai-notetakers-in-my-coaching-sessions
- Wie funktioniert echtes Lernen mit Serious Games?  
https://t2informatik.de/blog/echtes-lernen-mit-serious-games/
- Vibe Agile  
https://mdalmijn.com/p/vibe-agile
- The Law of unintended Consequences  
https://www.lean-agility.de/2025/03/the-law-of-unintended-consequences.html
- How to include Git version information in Go  
https://blog.carlana.net/post/2023/golang-git-hash-how-to/
- Welcome to golangci-lint v2  
https://ldez.github.io/blog/2025/03/23/golangci-lint-v2/
- How to report a security issue in an open source project  
https://jacobian.org/2025/mar/27/reporting-security-issues-in-oss/
- Horseless intelligence  
https://nedbatchelder.com/blog/202503/horseless_intelligence.html
- Flowchart for Choosing gRPC Methods Types  
https://matttproud.com/blog/posts/grpc-method-discipline.html
- The Castle Is Under Siege - are you the bard?  
https://failfastmoveon.blogspot.com/2025/03/the-castle-is-under-siege-are-you-bard.html
- The Strangest Thing in Tech (Criticism)?  
https://v5.chriskrycho.com/journal/the-strangest-thing-in-tech-criticism/
- Why developers question everything  
https://timharek.no/blog/why-developers-question-everything/
- Basic Guide to Game Theory  
https://golangprojectstructure.com/introduction-to-game-theory/
- Understanding Evolutionary Algorithms  
https://golangprojectstructure.com/evolutionary-algorithms/
- 3 Career Mistakes New Go Developers Should Avoid  
https://jarosz.dev/atomicessay/3-career-mistakes-new-go-developers-should-avoid/
- 3 Red Flags to Watch When You Join New Team  
https://jarosz.dev/atomicessay/3-red-flags-to-watch-when-you-join-a-new-team/
- AI Brainrot means developer opportunity  
https://softwaredoug.com/blog/2025/03/28/ai-brainrot-opportunity
- The manager I hated and the lesson he taught me  
https://www.blog4ems.com/p/the-manager-i-hated
- Cracks in Containerized Development  
https://anglesideangle.dev/blog/container-hell/
- How to use AI to create better technical diagrams  
https://mehdio.substack.com/p/how-to-use-ai-to-create-better-technical
- The Death of the Software Engineer by a Thousand Prompts  
https://verdikapuku.com/posts/the-death-of-the-software-engineer-by-a-thousand-prompts/

- The 13 software engineering laws  
https://newsletter.manager.dev/p/the-13-software-engineering-laws

- Leak and Seek: A Go Runtime Mystery  
https://cyolo.io/blog/leak-and-seek-a-go-runtime-mystery
- Programming with an AI copilot: My perspective as a senior dev  
https://mlagerberg.com/blog-ai-copilot/

- When is it OK to panic in Go?  
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/when-is-it-ok-to-panic-in-go
- On the uses and misuses of panics in Go  
https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2018/on-the-uses-and-misuses-of-panics-in-go/
- Why concrete error types are superior to sentinel errors  
https://jub0bs.com/posts/2025-03-31-why-concrete-error-types-are-superior-to-sentinel-errors/
- There is no Vibe Engineering  
https://serce.me/posts/2025-31-03-there-is-no-vibe-engineering
- Patterns and Techniques for Writing High-Performance Applications with Go¶  
https://goperf.dev/

- All Estimations Are Wrong, But None Are Useful  
https://newsletter.techworld-with-milan.com/p/all-estimations-are-wrong-but-none

- Golang sync.Pool is not a silver bullet  
https://wundergraph.com/blog/golang-sync-pool
- Stop syncing everything  
https://sqlsync.dev/posts/stop-syncing-everything/
- Building a Weather App in Go using OpenWeather API  
https://gomasterylab.com/tutorialsgo/go-fetch-api-data
- Why we decided to go for the Big Rewrite  
https://www.channable.com/tech/why-we-decided-to-go-for-the-big-rewrite
- Doing Evil Things with Generative AI and Recipes  
https://www.raymondcamden.com/2025/02/06/doing-evil-things-with-generative-ai-and-recipes
- In defense of ruthless managers  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/ruthless-managers/
- I Hired 5 People to Sit Behind Me and Make Me Productive for a Month  
https://www.simonberens.com/p/i-hired-5-people-to-sit-behind-me
- From PyTorch to Golang: Using TorchScript and CGO for Model Inference  
https://omkar.xyz/golibtorch/

## Github repos discovered
- jnv: Interactive JSON filter using jq  
https://github.com/ynqa/jnv

- xan: The CSV magician  
https://github.com/medialab/xan


## What make me think
Use AI as a tool, but don't depend on it. That's what I'm telling my juniors.

