# Log calendar week 08 / 2025


## Input

- Extensible Wasm Applications with Go  
https://go.dev/blog/wasmexport
- Running your Go tests in Github Continuous Integration  
https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2025-02-14-simple-github-test-ci-with-go/
- How long does it take me to write a blog post?  
https://hamatti.org/posts/how-long-does-it-take-me-to-write-a-blog-post/
- Nothing persists more than the temporary  
https://tpaschalis.me/temporary-is-forever/


- Wie messen wir Fortschritt mit KMM? Metriken und KPIs entlang der Reifestufen  
https://agilereflection.org/wie-messen-wir-fortschritt-mit-kmm-metriken-und-kpis-entlang-der-reifestufen/
- Der agile Konsistenzkiller: Warum falsche Autonomie-Illusion Teams zerstören kann  
https://agilereflection.org/der-agile-konsistenzkiller-warum-falsche-autonomie-illusion-teams-zerstoeren-kann/
- When a clueless Salesperson got me into computers, Inadvertently  
https://blog.hatemzidi.com/2025/02/12/when-a-clueless-salesperson-got-me-into-computers-inadvertently/
- Why Architects Won’t Be Replaced by AI Anytime Soon  
https://blog.hatemzidi.com/2025/02/13/why-architects-wont-be-replaced-by-ai-anytime-soon/
- What great leaders don’t do after you resign  
https://blog.hatemzidi.com/2025/01/12/what-great-leaders-dont-do-after-you-resign/
- To avoid being replaced by LLMs, do what they can't  
https://www.seangoedecke.com/what-llms-cant-do/
- Resilience: some key ingredients  
https://surfingcomplexity.blog/2025/02/15/resilience-some-key-ingredients/
- Using Xcode's AI Is Like Pair Programming With A Monkey  
https://thecodist.com/using-xcodes-ai-is-like-pair-programming-with-a-monkey/
- Was tun, wenn dein Projekt ständig über den Haufen geworfen wird?  
https://projekte-leicht-gemacht.de/blog/projektmanagement-praxis/projektziele-aendern-sich-staendig/
- Unlock People Using the GROW Model  
https://leadershipfreak.blog/2025/02/11/unlock-people-using-the-grow-model/
- Why You Shouldn't Worry about AI Taking Jobs  
https://www.richardhanania.com/p/why-you-shouldnt-worry-about-ai-taking


- Scrum Doesn't Say…  
https://adrianhoward.com/posts/scrum-does-not-say/
- Go 1.24's omitzero is another one of the best additions to the ecosystem in years  
https://www.jvt.me/posts/2025/02/12/go-omitzero-124/

- Cynefin Lego Game  
https://www.agile42.com/en/organic-leadership/cynefin-lego-game

- What Makes a Great Software Engineer  
https://faculty.washington.edu/ajko/dissertations/Li2016Dissertation.pdf

- New Junior Developers Can’t Actually Code  
https://nmn.gl/blog/ai-and-learning
- User Research Is Storytelling  
https://alistapart.com/article/user-research-is-storytelling/
- Where are all the Rewrite Rules?  
https://www.philipzucker.com/rewrite_rules/
- When Compilers Were the 'AI' That Scared Programmers  
https://vivekhaldar.com/articles/when-compilers-were-the--ai--that-scared-programmers/
- Why bother with privacy when I have nothing to hide?  
https://hannahonprivacy.substack.com/p/why-bother-with-privacy-when-i-have
- Open source maintainers are really feeling the squeeze  
https://www.theregister.com/2025/02/16/open_source_maintainers_state_of_open/
- You can’t call yourself a senior until you’ve worked on a legacy project  
https://www.infobip.com/developers/blog/seniors-working-on-a-legacy-project
- Open Source projects could sell SBOM fragments  
https://www.thomas-huehn.com/open-source-projects-could-sell-sbom-fragments/
- No, Privacy is Not Dead: Beware the All-or-Nothing Mindset  
https://www.privacyguides.org/articles/2025/02/17/privacy-is-not-dead/
- Siren Call of SQLite on the Server  
https://pid1.dev/posts/siren-call-of-sqlite-on-the-server/
- We switched from Java to Go and don't regret it  
https://glasskube.dev/blog/from-java-to-go/
- A year of uv: pros, cons, and should you migrate  
https://www.bitecode.dev/p/a-year-of-uv-pros-cons-and-should
- The reality of long-term software maintenance from the maintainer's perspective  
https://www.construct.net/en/blogs/ashleys-blog-2/reality-long-term-software-1892

- The Toddler Mindset: Decision-Making Without Constraints  
https://www.vinaygaba.me/writing/the-toddler-mindset/
- Reviewing the Cryptography Used by Signal  
https://soatok.blog/2025/02/18/reviewing-the-cryptography-used-by-signal/
- Web What? - How gaming is coming to browsers  
https://marshalldoes.dev/blog/web-what/
- If it is worth keeping, save it in Markdown  
https://p.migdal.pl/blog/2025/02/markdown-saves
- I'm glad AI didn't exist when I learned to code  
https://blog.shivs.me/im-glad-ai-didnt-exist-when-i-learned-to-code
- Lessons from a Life in a Chair  
https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/5152541/Lessons-from-a-Life-in-a-Chair

- From Java to Go: A Developers Journey Pt. 1  
https://meroxa.com/blog/from-java-to-go-a-developers-journey-pt-1/

- How to manage tool dependencies in Go 1.24+  
https://www.alexedwards.net/blog/how-to-manage-tool-dependencies-in-go-1.24-plus

- How to Backdoor Large Language Models  
https://blog.sshh.io/p/how-to-backdoor-large-language-models

- SQLite-on-the-Server Is Misunderstood: Better At Hyper-Scale Than Micro-Scale  
https://rivet.gg/blog/2025-02-16-sqlite-on-the-server-is-misunderstood

- AI is Stifling Tech Adoption  
https://vale.rocks/posts/ai-is-stifling-tech-adoption

## Github repos discovered

## Blogs discovered

## Quote of the week

>
>
> -- Unknown

## My wins of the week

## Reminder, refresher and TIls of the week
